I've got the project files open in my code editor.
Now this is the JavaScript file,
and over here is the HTML file.
Let's see where this file is loaded over here.
This is right at the bottom,
two lines just before the end of the file.
So it's all the way at the end. So let's write an "Event Listener."
So we're listening to the document for a click and running this message right here.
Let's check this out in the page.
Back in the browser, I've reloaded the page.
And let's click somewhere, right here.
And there's our message.
Now let's change up the "EventListener" a bit.
Let's say that I want to change the heading on the page,
this heading to be exact.
Remember that, I can't use the "$0" trick here in the code editor.
That only works in dev tools.
So if we want to select a DOM element,
we have to use the DOM selection methods like a "query selector" or "get element by ID."
To change the heading style,
the first thing I need to do is select the element out of the DOM.
Now let's change its style.
This looks good to me. Let's switch back to the browser.
Now clicking on this page should set the background color of this element to red.
One, two, three. I don't know about you,
but I think this is really cool.
Let's check this element in the DOM.
We can see that this element has a background color of
red here and we can see that style applied here as well.
So this code work just as if we ran it in the console,
except now we're running it in our JavaScript file.